Scripts: Add lint-style script based on stylelint (#12722)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/scripts/README.md

```

This is how you execute the script with presented setup:

> * `npm run lint:js` - lints JavaScripts files in the whole project's directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `npm run lint:js` - lints JavaScript files in the entire project's directories.
```

This is how you execute those scripts using the presented setup:
* `npm run lint:pkg-json` - lints `package.json` file in the project's root folder.

### `lint-style`

Helps enforce coding style guidelines for your style files. It uses [stylelint](https://github.com/stylelint/stylelint) with the [stylelint-config-wordpress](https://github.com/WordPress-Coding-Standards/stylelint-config-wordpress) configuration per the [WordPress CSS Coding Standards](https://make.wordpress.org/core/handbook/best-practices/coding-standards/css/). You can override them with your own rules as described in [stylelint user guide](https://github.com/stylelint/stylelint/docs/user-guide.md).

_Example:_

```json
{
	"scripts": {
		"lint:css": "wp-scripts lint-style '**/*.css'"
	}
}
```

This is how you execute the script with presented setup:

> * `npm run lint:css` - lints CSS files in the whole project's directory.

Author: ```suggestion
* `npm run lint:css` - lints CSS files in the entire project's directories.
```
